#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accelerate==0.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
aiohttp==3.9.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==4.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.13.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bitsandbytes==0.41.2.post2
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
comm==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
datasets==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
huggingface-hub==0.19.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.5
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.26.0
    # via jupyterlab
ipython[notebook]==8.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.10.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.9
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via datasets
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.11.0
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
notebook==7.0.6
    # via ipython
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   peft
    #   transformers
pandas==2.1.3
    # via datasets
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
peft==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
    #   peft
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==14.0.1
    # via datasets
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   peft
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.31.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.10.3
    # via transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.13.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.0
    # via
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scipy==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.15.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.2.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.35.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via datasets
yarl==1.9.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
